#### Do you think learning styles affect how we learn?

According to the article, _The Problem with "Learning Styles"_, learning styles are pretty much just a myth and do not have any significant effect on someone's ability to effectively learn. The article lists a few things that individuals _can_ do to improve their learning. "Students are more succesfful when they [...] experience the material in multiple modalities, test themselves on the material as part of their study practices, and elaborate on material to make meaningful connections." All of these methods listed are very active ways of studying. You are, like it says, building new pathways, meaningful connections in your brain to help you further understand and retain information.  No matter what type of learner you think you are, it is much more important to vary your study methods and give yourself the opportunity to answer questions to test your knowledge. Just reading the same information in a book or in your notes, or listening to a lecture will not allow for deeper understanding. There are ways to integrate multiple learning styles into those effective learning techniques.

I also think the type of learning that you are able to do may heavily depend on what it is you are studying. As an art student in a figure drawing class, there is no better way to learn than through visual observation and kinesthetic practice. You cannot read about figure drawing, or have someone give you instructions and significantly improve your own skills without actually drawing. 